DM-51454: Add support for more geometry types to user expressions (#1230)
lsst/daf_butler: doc/changes/DM-51454.feature.md

> User query language adds support for functions which define sky regions - `CIRCLE`, `BOX`, `POLYGON`, and `REGION`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support to the query language to allow sky regions to be specified directly in an ADQL-like way. This includes `CIRCLE`, `BOX`, `POLYGON`, and `REGION`.
```
